# Go API client for openapi

* All endpoint paths start with a version like `/v1`
  * All versions must be maintained and functional forever or until decision is made to decommission a version
* _`POST`_ and _`PUT`_ request **payloads are JSON**
* Where possible HTTP request **status codes are used to describe the successfulness** of the requests, and content describes the details of the status
<h1>Flow states</h1> <a href=\"https://viewer.diagrams.net/?highlight=0000ff&edit=_blank&layers=1&nav=1#G1cb9foqv8zgGVY0KWIQRTiE0-21ST3WUI\">Link to Diagram</a>


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./openapi"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://some.host.com/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PairingApi* | [**ConfirmPairing**](docs/PairingApi.md#confirmpairing) | **Put** /pair-confirm/{pairingId} | Confirmes the ongoing pairing. The request will block until either the onboard GW button is pressed or the request times out (30s)
*PairingApi* | [**DoublePhysicalButtonTap**](docs/PairingApi.md#doublephysicalbuttontap) | **Post** /double-button-tap | Simulates pressing the physical button on the GW twice
*PairingApi* | [**GetGWStatus**](docs/PairingApi.md#getgwstatus) | **Get** /gw-status | Returns the status of the GW
*PairingApi* | [**InitPairing**](docs/PairingApi.md#initpairing) | **Post** /pair-init | Initiates the pairing flow.
*PairingApi* | [**SinglePhysicalButtonTap**](docs/PairingApi.md#singlephysicalbuttontap) | **Post** /single-button-tap | Simulates pressing the physical button on the GW once


## Documentation For Models

 - [AccessInfo](docs/AccessInfo.md)
 - [ActivePairing](docs/ActivePairing.md)
 - [DeviceInfo](docs/DeviceInfo.md)
 - [GWStatus](docs/GWStatus.md)
 - [PairingInfo](docs/PairingInfo.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

someone@ikea.com

